Hey, good morning family! Praise the Lord.
Day 53, I believe. I'm excited
you're all here today. I have some
things on my heart; I saw some things in
the spirit yesterday that I'm going to
get into. I was driving around by ORU again,
and every time I
drive around by ORU, there is an anointing
on ORU or Oral Roberts University. I'm telling
you, the grounds of Oral Roberts
University—and
when I drive by there, I have to go
to the Post Office to deliver my stuff
sometimes for my eBay.
We were going to the
Billy Burke meeting last
night and we were so excited
to go. When we showed
up, the presence of the Lord was so
strong on that meeting. Diana,
I mean, did you feel it? "Yes, it was
amazing."The
glory of the Lord was
there and people were getting healed of
all kinds of things. Again, the power of
the Lord—there's nothing like
it; there's nothing like the presence of
the Lord. It is beyond anything the world
could ever offer. If you're strung out on
drugs, there is no high like the Most
High. I'm telling you, I
believe a lot of people go to drugs
because they're trying to find an escape
from their reality, but the only escape
that I've ever seen from reality is the
Holy Spirit. The more you become
addicted to the Holy Spirit in these
last days, it's like He is the Most High,
isn't it, Diana? "Yes, it's
like
oxygen."Exactly
right. We try so hard to get in
meetings like this because this is what
feeds you and gets you through. When we
pour out like we do on a
day-to-day basis—most pastors just
preach one sermon a week, maybe
two—you've
got to
fill
yourself back up. I even see myself
getting dry, but in
two days of being in these meetings
and then going again tonight, I
have an anticipation for the
manifestations of the glory, seeing what
He did last night again in people's
lives and the night before.
Sunday night, He gave us a
word, prayed for us again, and the power
of God was really strong. It's like
the Holy Spirit is an electric
charge going through you,
charging your battery.
You can just be sitting
in the atmosphere and just
drink, couldn't you, Diana? "Yes, it's
amazing."I
want to
be someone who travels around and just
goes to all the meetings. I just want to
be around the presence of the Lord.
I reference the anointing and the call
on Billy Burke's life; I believe
you honor the man of God
and I honor him.
Help support his
ministry and go to where he's at. If he's in
your area, it would behoove you to go to
these meetings; the
presence of the Lord will change your
life. He said
that
the
church we were
visiting last night—he got in the spirit
and saw the pillars and the
portals. He said this place right
here is one of the portals of the end
times for the glory outpouring. Well,
ladies and gentlemen, if you go back to
what the Lord showed me about the
portals coming out of the Lord's
hand—I
saw the great God Jehovah's hand
come
out of the
heavens. All ten fingers had shafts of
light shoot out, and I
said, "Father, what is this?"and He said,
"These are end-time portals for the
end-time
glory and the
outpouring."I
knew that one of them is in
central Oklahoma, one is in
Texas, and there's one obviously
here. He
said the Lord showed him that this
church, Millennial Church,
has an end-time portal, which I thought
was amazing because he saw one of the
portals. I said
ten
major
portals went out throughout the world
and then they splintered.
Now, it's kind of similar to
when I told you those
four doves were
circling and then they exploded and went to all ends of
the Earth.
We're seeing that, and even Billy was
talking about this last outpouring; this
major harvest of souls is going to start
to happen. We saw a Muslim come to
church last night and give his heart to
Jesus Christ
and he was healed. I saw the power
of God knock him down on his back;
he was overcoming
pain in his hands and the power of the
Lord healed him.
With that, he accepted Jesus Christ as
Lord and Savior.
Folks, people are desperate, people
are hungry, and they're looking for the
authentic.
When you
taste and see that the Lord is good,
there's nothing more
that will satisfy
that inward soul itch than the Holy
Spirit. Do you agree, babe?
"Yes."Diana
knows; she's walked
this journey with me and we know
what we're talking about. We know when
it's dry and when you go in and
experience the presence of the Lord,
it will radically
change you. There's a reason why
you go to service
after service and
you're listening to a
seeker-friendly
message and you're not getting changed;
it's because there's no Holy Ghost there.
The only way that you're going to change
is by
the anointing that breaks
the yoke of bondage.
It's the anointing that sets the
captives free. But how you stay free,
ladies and gentlemen, is by getting the
word down inside you. The anointing
can only take you so far and then you
have to have the word inside of you to
keep that devil at bay.
Submit yourself
therefore unto God, resist the devil, and
he will flee from you. But the only way
you submit yourself to Him is by getting
that word down inside of your heart. You
have to know the word and have a
revelation.
According to Ephesians, that
the eyes of your understanding would be
enlightened that you may know the hope
of your calling and the glorious riches
of inheritance. You have a treasure in an
earthen
vessel that the excellency of
the power will be known of Him and not
of you. The
anointing breaks the yoke, but to keep
the yoke off, you have to have the word
of God.
The enemy comes back
immediately to try to test the word.
If you don't have a foundation of the
word of God inside of you, the anointing
will break the yoke,
but he
automatically comes back to try to kill,
steal, and destroy that revelation.
The only
way that you do that is by the word.
The Bible says the word is a
sword and it comes out of your mouth to
cut
the devil.
You cut the devil by the word of
the Lord out of your mouth,
speaking out
and decreeing a
thing: "I am healed by the stripes of
Jesus."Even
Billy Burke was
talking about
getting that word down
inside of you to resist it.
Faith cometh by hearing,
and hearing by the word of God.
I can tell you all, literally
listening to Brother Hagin all my life
and other preachers—listening to them
to the point where I go back and I
listen to that same sermon from
five
years ago and get
something new out of it
because
the word is
alive.
There's no expiration date on the
word of God.
As your spirit grows, you'll hear
something new in that word because
you're
going from glory to glory.
I've told Diana
about the pillars and about the glory
domes and about the outpouring of the
healings
coming.
The Lord said, "My judgment begins
in the house of the Lord first,"and we're
seeing a cleaning of the house
throughout all America
right now, exposing darkness
and
turning on the
light.
We're going to bring in some new people
to fix this room because
it takes a lot
of
cleaning,
actually.
I believe
2025 is going to be an amazing year.
Regardless of what we see on the news,
this is your
year of
turnaround. This is your year for
your breakthrough
and
to receive exceedingly abundantly
above all that we dare ask or think. This
is your time to lay hold of what you've
been believing for. The
seeds you've sowed in the past are going
to come to harvest at last. I believe
that this is a year of great
overflow for the body of Christ. There
was a dear sister in the Lord,
one
of the pastors from Eufaula, and
she got a word about finances. The
Lord spoke to them about their church in
Eufaula because
we visited there.
We want to be like traveling word
junkies.
When you're
desperate, people do desperate
things. If you are desperate for
Jesus, you
won't
want to
stay the same anymore.
You've
got to get fed up with being broke,
busted, and disgusted.
I saw
people travel from Mexico City
to Oklahoma; they drove in a
van
because they were desperate for a touch.
Then you had another
man say, "I flew here from Canada."I saw
two people from Canada, from British
Columbia and
Edmonton.
Folks, that is desperate, to fly
thousands of miles.
How hungry
are you? If he's in your area,
I encourage you to go and visit because
you won't leave disappointed.
I want to travel to
Tampa
and
Orlando
next
year. Rodney Howard-Browne has revivals.
I see
the
tangible presence of the Lord moving in
their services.
Let's go and dip in
the
river. How thirsty
are you for a supernatural touch
from the
Father?
We're so thirsty for an
authentic move of God.
We're right there
on
the
cusp.
He's
bringing forth the harvesters,
and I believe certain investments
are going to skyrocket.
We're going to see a major harvest
in 2025 to
free us up to do
the things that God's called
us to do. It just takes money, and
the
Lord
provides.
When
you watch these videos, I hope we
encourage you
to
believe God for the impossible. Diana had
some things she wanted to say.
"People will spend a lot
of money going to a spa or going
on
vacations
for
their
mental health.
It is important, but
even
more time should be
spent on nourishing your spirit, like a
spa for your spirit. If you're willing
to invest that much time into your
physical body, then how much more do we
need it for our
spirit
man?"It's
vital because you
can't fight a devil weak; you have to
fight from the
overflow.
If you're fighting
on empty, you're
in trouble.
Fixing your spirit fixes everything
from the inside out.
Moses didn't fade; his eyes didn't
grow dim
because he stayed in
the glory. The glory renews you.
That's what I said before about Joe
Biden and these people—when you latch on
to the devil, he is a 'kill, steal,
and destroy'spirit,
and it makes
your mind reprobate. The closer
you are
to the devil, the more he
tears you down. That's why
witches
always look really old;
the demonic sucks
life out of you. But the Bible says that
I've come that you might have life and
life more abundantly.
Connect
yourself to the
Source,
and that is the glory.
Moses attached himself to the
glory, and
their bodies weren't sick. They
didn't
need
hair plugs
or
Botox;
their skin looked good.
The anointing is a refresher.
When you go to
these meetings, it refreshes
you.
We
were sitting in the very back because we
got there later back then, and we were
like, "Man, Lord, we want to be on the front
row,"but
it
doesn't
matter because the Holy Spirit is tangible
throughout the whole auditorium.
We
saw a
dear sister from San Antonio;
she got baptized in the Holy Ghost.
She'd
been a Baptist her whole
life, in her 60s, and
she got
baptized watching one
of our videos.
Then I
had a young man
who
got baptized in the Holy Ghost on this
channel too.
That is the first step
to your
victory.
I don't know
how anybody makes it without
being baptized in the Holy Spirit,
speaking with other tongues. I
depend on Him; He
is my
all in all.
I want to encourage you
all to get filled.
Get the book
'Why Tongues'by Brother Hagin. It's
Kenneth E. Hagin. Read that
book over and over again.
I didn't even get into what
I saw in
the spirit about Donald Jr.,
but
we'll make
another video tomorrow.
Let's pray.
Father, we thank You
for every person
here today.
We thank You
that You're filling them to the
overflow right now in the name of Jesus.
They are
filled with and controlled by the Holy
Spirit.
I
believe
for demonstrations
of the glory on people's
lives today. We reach out
for your healing
and
deliverance.
We
are
joint
heirs
with Jesus
Christ, seated in the
heavenlies far above all principalities.
Diana,
pray for the
women. "Yes, Father,
I lift up
these women that have any hormonal
imbalances.
I thank You that everything lines
up with Your word.
Our hormones line up
in the name of Jesus. Cycles are
regulated,
and
the
reproductive system works as it should.
We speak
to our bodies.
If you're believing for a baby, you
say, 'Womb, you line up with the
word of God; you will
conceive.'Speak
to
those body
parts."I
agree.
I
feel
the
anointing.
"Hormones,
you line up
with the word of God.
Every cell in my body
functions as my
Creator designed it.
Father,
if
it's
your foot, say, 'Foot, line up
with the word of God;
pain, go
now.'Bones
straightened,
thyroid
function, gallbladders,
and
bile
ducts—function
like the Lord designed us
to,
in
Jesus'name."I
can have everything the Bible
says I can have.
Amen.
"People
have
been
coming up to
me telling me they
conceived because they prayed with
me on video.
Lots of
babies are coming in
2025."We're
humbled
to be used.
Whoever thought it would
be through a YouTube channel?
We've
come across such nice
folks
like
Robert
and
Kay.
We pray for your
financial breakthroughs.
We're believing for Elon
Musk to become radically born again in
and
use
Starlink
for the glory of God.
We
call
the
celebrities
filled with
the Holy Spirit.
We
thank
You,
Lord, that
Donald Trump is radically born again and
his marriage is restored. We
thank You for
supernatural covering over his children.
Father, we
give You glory.
There's a turning of the tides.
Everybody say amen.
Thank you for
joining.
Please like, subscribe,
and
click the
notification bell.
Put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you, and we love you. We
will see you next time.
God bless you.